it is human nature to wonder what it
would be like to never grow to
experience utter peace and harmony
it is also human nature for some of us
to want what we do not have try to
remove the headpiece
do not delay the countdown and for
others to stand in their way
[Music]
we are participating in the outright
theft of a world they were never meant
to be immortal who the hell are we to
determine the next course of evolution
for these people radiation coming from
the planet's rings continuously
regenerates our genetic structure only
moving 600 people will be able to help
billions we plan for so many years how
many people does it take therefore it
becomes wrong I wouldn't be tempted by
the promise of Perpetual youth there are
hard choices to be made
it's like you're planning on doing some
hunting return to your quarters that's
an order no uniform no orders the
environmental anomalies may have
stimulated certain rebellious instincts
which could affect everyone's judgment
except mine of course
hey data what do you think we should do
saddle up lock and load
[Music]
stand in defiance the feeling of a
supremacy sir
hold your ground if a court-martial is
the only way to tell what is happening
here and welcome to at joy the rebellion
Star Trek insurrection
you
[Music]